updated health docs for 21.6 (#34)
CiscoTestAutomation/genie: docs/health/index.rst

pyATS Health Check
==================
By using pyATS Health Check, it is possible to check the CPU load, memory usage, detection of specific log messages, and whether or not the core file created in the event of a crash or malfunction is generated.

pyATS Health Check currently supports the following 4 checks by default.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - health check
     - description
   * - cpu
     - cpu load check. check total of cpu load with threshold 90% by default.
   * - memory
     - memory usage check. check total of memory usage with threshold 90% by default.
   * - logging
     - keyword check in show logging output. default keywords are traceback, Traceback, TRACEBACK
   * - core
     - check if core file is generated on device. just check by default. Please use `--health-remote-device` to copy the core file to remote server.

> Using pyATS Health Check is very easy. Just list the above check names with `--health-checks` in the current pyats command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using pyATS Health Check is very easy. Just list the above heath check names by adding `--health-checks` to the current pyats command.
```

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core

> If you want to check only cpu, please specify just only `cpu` to `--health-checks`. **Also, importantly, the pyATS Health Check by `--health-checks` runs as a post-processor after each test case.**

Reviewer: the " the pyATS Health Check by" seems to be missing some words..

Author: this is the sentence `the pyATS Health Check by `--health-checks` runs as a post-processor after each test case.` please correct if any issue...

> If you want to check only cpu, please specify just only `cpu` to `--health-checks`. **Also, importantly, the pyATS Health Check by `--health-checks` runs as a post-processor after each test case.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to check only cpu, please specify `cpu` to `--health-checks`. **The pyATS Health Check specified by `--health-checks` runs as a post-processor after each test case.**
```

> The core file is only detection by default, but if you want to send it to TAC for analysis or move it to the remote server at the time of detection, you can enumerate the remote server information with `--health-remote-device` to copy the generated core file. It is possible to copy the file at the time of detection and delete the file from the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core file is the only detection that is by default. If you want to send it to TAC for analysis or move it to the remote server at the time of detection, you can enumerate the remote server information with `--health-remote-device` to copy the generated core file. It is possible to copy the file at the time of detection and delete the file from the device.
```

Reviewer: This part I dont understand 'It is possible to copy the file' , does the user have to do something? What is the default behavior?

Author: it mentioned in table for `core` check. by default, just detection and no copy. if needed to copy, user needs to give `--health-remote-device`

Reviewer: ok I updated my suggestion

The command example in that case is as follows.

.. code-block:: bash

>     pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-remote-device name:myserver path:/tmp/ protocol:http --health-mgmt-vrf iosxe:None

Reviewer: health-remote-device should be a url?

Author: why? it's sever name under `server` block in testbed yaml.

Reviewer: You are not just specifying the server, you are adding path and protocol. URL is the common syntax to use for this kind of thing. Using an argument `--health-upload <path|url>` seems like a better syntax? You can use urlparse/FileUtils.parse_url like in filetransferutils to handle this.

Author: this is not only for http. for tftp/ftp/scp/http.

Reviewer: yes and still url syntax applies to all of those...

Author: I understand what you mean. but the idea was not during review. if really need, we can switch to new argument in the future.

FAQ
---

**1. What kind of protocols are supported for core file transfer? And how to adjust to my remote server info?**

`http`, `scp`, `tftp` and `ftp` are supported. It depends on what is supported by `Multiprotocol File Transfer Utilities <https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/pyats/docs/utilities/file_transfer_utilities.html>`_. 

If VRF for transfer needs to be changed from common default ones (`Mgmt-intf`, `management`), please change via `--health-mgmt-vrf` argument. for default VRF, needs to specify `None` like `iosxe:None`.

example when using tftp and vrf `mgmt` for both iosxe and nxos

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-remote-device name:myserver path:/tmp/ protocol:scp --health-mgmt-vrf iosxe:mgmt nxos:mgmt

**2. How to change threshold for cpu load/memory usage?**

It can be done via `--health-threshold` argument.

example when specifying thresholds, cpu 75% and memory 80%

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-threshold cpu:75 memory:80

> **3. how can I change logging keywords which want to detect?**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**3. How can I change which logging keywords I want to detect?**
```

Reviewer 2: I may be incorrect in guessing what the best way to say this is

By default, `logging` check detects only `traceback`, `Traceback` and `TRACEBACK`. The keywords can be overwritten via `--health-show-logging-keywords`.

example when changing to `Crash` and `CRASH` for both iosxr and nxos.

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-show-logging-keywords "iosxr:['Crash', 'CRASH']" "nxos:['Crash', 'CRASH']"

> **4. want to change location where searching core files**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**4. I want to change the location of where core files are searched for**
```

> by default, it's pre-defined for each platform (iosxe, iosxr, nxos). If you want to look for somewhere else, the location can be overwritten via `--health-core-default-dir`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by default, it's pre-defined for each platform (iosxe, iosxr, nxos). If you want to look somewhere else, the location can be overwritten via `--health-core-default-dir`.
```

example to change to `harddisk0:/core` for iosxe.

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-core-default-dir "iosxe:['harddisk0:/core']"

> **5. how to run pyATS Health check against only certain devices?**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**5. How to run pyATS Health check against only certain devices?**
```

All checks will run against all connected devices in testbed yaml by default. To run checks against only specific devices, please use `--health-devices`.

example to run against only `R1_xe` device.

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-devices R1_xe

> **6. Is it possible to send webex notification?**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**6. Is it possible to send a webex notification?**
```

> Yes. There is `--health-webex` argument to send webex notification. The webex notification will be sent out only when health checks fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Yes. There is `--health-webex` argument to send a webex notification. The webex notification will be sent out only when health checks fail.
```

> Yes. There is `--health-webex` argument to send a webex notification. The webex notification will be sent out only when health checks fail.

Reviewer: maybe use `--health-notify-webex` so its clearer and allows for `-mail` and others

Author: it's already reviewed, merged and released in latest 21.6. no discussion for code change here. (we can change it later if really want, but not with this PR)

Webex token and space id or email need to be given via pyats.conf or webex arguments `--webex-token`, `--webex-space`, `--webex-email`.

example to send Webex notification to webex space by using webex arguments

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-webex --webex-token <webex token> --webex-space <webex space id>

.. note::

    Webex notification is done by pyATS Webex Plugin in `pyats.contrib` package. Please refer to `Webex Plugin README <https://github.com/CiscoTestAutomation/pyats.contrib/tree/master/src/pyats/contrib/plugins/webex_plugin>`_ for more detail.

++++

> The above are all the easy ways to use pyATS Health Check. Also, please be aware that each of the above arguments can be used in combination. If you want to use pyATS Health Check more and more, please move on following chapters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above are all the easy ways to use pyATS Health Check. Also, please be aware that each of the above arguments can be used in combination. If you want to use custom pyATS Health Checks, please check the design chapter.
```

pyATS Health Check
==================
By using pyATS Health Check, it is possible to check the CPU load, memory usage, detection of specific log messages, and whether or not the core file created in the event of a crash or malfunction is generated.

> pyATS Health Check currently supports the following 4 checks by default.

Reviewer 3: Is it 4 or 5? health check, cpu, memory, logging and core, right?

```suggestion
pyATS Health Check currently supports the following 5 checks by default.
```

Author: it's 4. (cpu, memory, logging and core). so no need to change.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - health check
     - description
   * - cpu
     - cpu load check. check total of cpu load with threshold 90% by default.
   * - memory
     - memory usage check. check total of memory usage with threshold 90% by default.
   * - logging
     - keyword check in show logging output. default keywords are traceback, Traceback, TRACEBACK
   * - core
     - check if core file is generated on device. just check by default. Please use `--health-remote-device` to copy the core file to remote server.

.. note:

    `cpu`, `memory`, `logging` and `core` checks are pre-defined in /path/to/genielibs/pkgs/health-pkg/src/genie/libs/health/health_yamls/pyats_health.yaml. `--health-checks` uses this default pyats health file.

> Using pyATS Health Check is very easy. Just list the above heath check names by adding `--health-checks` to the current pyats command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using pyATS Health Check is very easy. Just list the health check names above by adding `--health-checks` to the current pyats command.
```

Author: same thing. so no change...

Reviewer 3: there is a typo in health

The core file is the only detection that is by default. If you want to send it to TAC for analysis or move it to the remote server at the time of detection, you can enumerate the remote server information with `--health-remote-device` to copy the generated core file. To copy the file at the time of detection and delete the file from the device, specify the --health-remote-device argument.

The command example in that case is as follows.

.. code-block:: bash

    pyats run job <job file> --testbed-file /path/to/testbed.yaml --health-checks cpu memory logging core --health-remote-device name:myserver path:/tmp/ protocol:http --health-mgmt-vrf iosxe:None

Note that in order to run the above example you need to have the server `myserver` in testbed yaml as below.

.. code-block:: yaml

    testbed:
      name: general_xe_xr_nx
      servers:
        myserver:
          dynamic: true
          protocol: http
          subnet: 192.168.255.0/24
          path: /tmp
          credentials:
            default:
              username: pyats
              password: "<password>"

.. note::

>     The above example uses `Embedded pyATS File Transfer Server <https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/pyats/docs/utilities/file_transfer_server.html>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The example above uses `Embedded pyATS File Transfer Server <https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/pyats/docs/utilities/file_transfer_server.html>`_.
```

Author: same thing. so no change...

> And also you can find examples in our `Github repo <https://github.com/CiscoTestAutomation/examples/tree/master/health>`_. Any contributions for pyATS Health Check examples are encouraged!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can find more examples in our `Github repo <https://github.com/CiscoTestAutomation/examples/tree/master/health>`_. Any contributions for pyATS Health Check examples are encouraged!
```
